hello guys this is the new york new york
pool now there are it this is it I'll
show you some of you don't want to see
my hands so I'll try and avoid it as
much as I can now don't get shocked the
pool does exist it's just that right now
it's empty it was emptied for
maintenance reason so I don't know if
they are refueling and now they're
filling it later but nonetheless the
shape is the same this is the pool and
you get an idea of what it's like no no
what it's not very big this is New York
New York we stay in a really nice large
room but I have to tell you I can only
imagine how busy this thing this pool
area will get say during the weekend or
you know on busy times this is a
Wednesday I believe Thursday there's the
it's not very busy and it's check out
check-in time so it's the least busy
time however this is it not very green I
mean it feels more like a young crowd
party pool really to me but as you can
see it's rather small and I yes I'm not
saying anything anymore Eddie I'll leave
it up to you to decide if this is what
you want I think that if some people are
pool people and if you're a food person
I guess what you want is a tropical feel
large pool area ideally that doesn't get
very overcrowded well forget about that
during that weekend no matter where you
are but if you're looking for a relaxing
pool area what am I say relax yeah pool
area I would say that this isn't the
edge I mean actually it's deceptively
large because it's got this strange
shape
I think it's larger than one feels
and you've got by the way the roller
coaster so you'll always have the roller
coaster on top you know and I'm gonna
show you the the view of the buildings
you've got around you let's not forget
this is New York New York so you're not
gonna have a tropical pool because it's
not it's themed although the public
could have had a Central Park kind of
theme
I like greenery I like tropical fields
but we're not all the same so there you
go guys if you want to know which are
the best pools in Vegas which are the
pools most suitable to your needs we
have a specific section on pools in
Vegas on the website top - buffet comm
top - buffet dot-com see you there guys
bye-bye